Uh... What's Hannah's favorite food? told it before...
We never got to your favorite.
California roll, I don't eat raw fish.
I can't. I was really surprised that my kids love it, coz...
I love the taste of cooked salmon because we had a lot of salmon oak growing up because I'm from DC.
And we had a neighbor that was a fisherman.
And so he would often give us a whole salmon.
And fresh, you know, like from the ocean so,
I had a lot of salmon growing up.
I just love the taste of cooked salmon. I couldn't get used to it.
raw... to me when I
tried raw salmon one time and  yet always didn't have same flavor to me.
Well, I guess it's one of those things you have to get used to in time.
mmh
Is this the one where they deep fry it in a batter or they just put bread, breading on it?
Does it have a coating on it?
Yeah, I haven't had that thing. I haven't had it.
August, end of August.
Oh.
No, when I was there it was like 30 years ago or something, and
they're all there eating like super spicy ramen and stuff like that
I was only there for a week. I'm resting with missionaries to go work.
They're british shake but I'm eating a little of
Korean food but, but like now when I
when I hear about don't go to the Japanese food. When I was in Japan.
first time I was there was like 1982. And
food wasn't such a big deal i mean you'd go in a cafe and they all had the same thing you could get just
Curry rice or, you know, yakisoba.
or whatever, or some restaurant and they'd have outside, you know, pictures of
the noodles. This is
The bigger the noodles, the smaller, the smaller, the smaller. And that's all they had. You know.
Right now. Yeah. That's kinda new.
Anime really wasn't popular when we were there, that wasn't a thing yet.
Yeah.
I used to have other shows because I remember when I was there they had shows like they had the guy from the gods must be crazy
Come to Japan and you know, wearing the costume
Maasai, whatever maasai or whatever it was. Or they
or like my brother-in-law, they would do stuff like...
they go sneak into this celebrity house and take his bed
and carry it outside really slowly.
and put it outside, and without the guy waking up. It would take them like all night to do it.
And then the guy would wake up and he's like, oh, they would do stuff like that, like like for a prank.
and things like that. Because people didn't lock their doors.